README.md, before:

# Love Body
(Developer: Maksims Buraks)

![Mockup image](docs/am-i-responsive.png)

[live web-page](https://maksimb96.github.io/LoveBody/)

## Table of contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    * [User Goals](#user-goals)
    * [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    * [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    * [Design](#design-choices)
    * [Color](#colors)
    * [Fonts](#font)
    * [Structure](#structure)
    * [Wireframe](#wire-frame)
4. [Tech Used](#tech)
    * [Languages](#languages)
    * [Tools](#tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Code Validation & Testing](#validation)
    * [Html](#html-val)
    * [Css](#css-val)
    * [Acessability](#acessability)
    * [Perforamnce](#performnce)
    * [User Story Testing](#user-story-testing)
7. [Bugs](#bugs)
8. [Deployment](#deploy)
9. [Credits](#credits)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals
    -Finding a site that provides a fun way to test users fitness knowledge
    -To test training knowledge
    -To test nutrition knowledge
    -Find a way to leave feedback to improve quiz

### Site Owner Goals
    -Provide a simple and fun way to test visitor knowledge 
    -Provide an area to leave feedback
    -Make sure contact deetails being left are real people

## User Experience

### Target Audience
    -People looking to test fitness Knowledge
    -People looking to test nutrition Knowledge

### User Requirements and Expectations
    -A simple and natural way to navigate the website
    -Quick acessibility to relevant information
    -Appealing design that responds accordingly
    -A simple way to get in contact, and leave feedback
    -Accessibility

### User Stories

#### First-time User
1. As a first time user, I want to test my fitness knowledge
2. As a first time user, I want to test my nutrition knowledge
3. As a first time user, I want information presented in one location
4. As a first time user, I want to leave feedback for further addition of questions

#### Returning User
5. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on fitness
6. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on nutrition
7. As a returning user I want to see additional quesstions added
8. As a returning user I want to be able to locate relevant social links

#### Site Owner
10. As a site owner I want people to locate relevant information to the quiz
11. As a site owner I want people to be able to play as many times 
12. As a site owner I want individuals to get in contact

## Design

### Design Choices
The website was developed in such a way that had a minimal and colourful approach that is not too much to overload the senses. It has all relevaant information on the home page that allows users to jump directly to the relevant points of interest.

### Colour
Color Choices contain a slightly colder shade of greens and neutral greys and white to compliment all elements. A less satturated green was used as many associate the higher saturated colors with 'vegan'. Highlight color of oraange was used as it plays well with the secondary colors.
<br>

![Color Scheme](docs/features/colors.png)


### Fonts
Bebas Neue with a cursive fall-back was used as the main heading and nav text due to it's modern and crisp design.
<br>
Montserrat with sans-serif fall back was used as it compliments Bebas and provides an over-all better reading experience.

### Structure
The website is designed in such a way that goes with the main moto. Minimal approach, Maximum results. Therefore the layout required to be clean, consice and straight to the point
The nav bar contains all relevant points of interest with the main logo to the left and nav bar links to the right.
<br>

The website is made up of 3 pages:

    -The home page that draws a user and links directly to other points of interest along with the main body of the website the 'minimal fitness'.
    -The minimal fitness page that contains all relevant info along with supporting video aids and websites.
    -A contact page that allows easy contact along with additional queries.

### Wireframes
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/index.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal-Fintess</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/contact.png">
</details>

## Tech Used

### Languages
    -HTML
    -CSS

### Tools
    -Git
    -Git Hub
    -Git Pod
    -Balsamiq
    -Google Fonts
    -bl.ocks.org
    -Font Awesome
    -Favicon.io
    -miniPaint

## Features
The Website consists of 3 pages with 11 features

### Logo and Nav-Bar
    -featured on all three pages
    -Nav bar is fully responsive and changes to a condensed veiw on mobile devices. Nav bar links to all relevant pages allowing for quick access.
    -Nav bar has selected item in order to give clear feedback to location.
    -Pages 2/3 have a slight difference in appearance but over all same design in order to not disrupt immersion.
    -Nav bar hover turns text red in order to give clear feedback to where you are about to go.
    -User stories adressed: 1.
    
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar1.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar2.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar-select.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar-hover.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/main-logo-zoom.png)

### Footer
    -footer conistent on all pages with hover effect in order to provide clear feedback on selection
    -User stories adressed: 9, 12.

![Footer and Selection](docs/features/footer-hover.png)
![Footer and Selection](docs/features/footer.png)



### Home page Slogan animation, button hover and footer hover
    -main slogan zooms in on landing page to draw in visitors
    -Button has hover effect to provide selection feedback
    -footer icons have hover effect to provide clear feedback
    -User stories adressed: 9.

![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/slogan-small.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/slogan-big.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/button.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/button-hover.png)

### What is Minimal Fitness segemt
    -Provides information regarding what this website aims to achieve
    -User stories adressed: 3.

![What is Minimal Fitness](docs/features/wimf.png)

### About Me segment
    -Provides information regarding the personal trainer
    -User stories adressed: 11
   

![About Me](docs/features/about-me-feat.png)

### Images of the fitness elements
    -Provides visual representation regarding the 3 elements of fitness

![3 Fitness Elements](docs/features/div-pictures.png)

### Iframe in Accordion
    -Provides supporting material with full user control
     -User stories adressed: 3.

![Iframe](docs/features/iframe.png)

### Accordion with hover selector
    -Provides condensed info that expands on button press
    -User stories adressed: 1, 2,  5, 6, 7, 10.

![Accordion](docs/features/accordion.png)
![Accordion](docs/features/accordion-exp.png)
![Accordion](docs/features/selector-hover.png)

### Contact Form
    -Provides a medium for contact and user interaction
    -User stories adressed: 12,8.

![Contact](docs/features/contact-feat.png)

## Validation

### HTML Validation
W3C mark-up was utilised in order to validate html of the website. All Pages pass with no errors.

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/contact.png">
</details>

<br>

### CSS Validation
W3C CSS validator was utilised in order to make sure the css code passes standards with no errors.

<details><summary>Full Document</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/css-valid.png">
</details>

<br>

### Accessability
Wave WebAIM was utilized in order to make sure the website met high accessability standards. All pages pass with no errors or contrast errors.

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index-wave.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about-wave.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/contact-wave.png">
</details>

<br>

### Performance
Google light house was used in order to confirm good standards of performace

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index-perf.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about-perf.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/sign-up-perf.png">
</details>

<br>

### Tests

#### Devices tested on on:
    -Iphone SE
    -Iphone XR
    -Iphone 12
    -Ipad
    -Macbook Pro

### Testing User Stories

1. As a first time user, I want more information regarding fitness and be drawn in
2. As a first time user, I want more information regarding training fundamentals
5. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on fitness
6. As a returning user I want to get back on track with my calorie intake
7. As a returning user I want to get back on track with my training 
10. As a site owner I want people to locate relevant information to fitness

<br>

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
| Home page, slogan zoom accordion| Button click, accordion expands into additional information| Home page will provide prompt to click, Accordion will provide solid information| Interactivaity of home page prompts click and accordion provides solid information with relevent links|
|3 Fitness elements| Visual Aid to locate fundamentals| Draws users to pictures then to accordion| Better response to read further|
|Accordion Icon Hover| Icon turns red on hover and is distinguishable| Clear visual prompt to press closed accordion| User prompted to press as it is intuative|

<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/slogan-zoom-interact.png">
<img src="docs/user-story-test/accordion-test.png">
<img src="docs/user-story-test/hover-icon-text.png">
</details>
<br>



3. As a first time user, I want information presented in one location

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Iframe| user has access to video aid and full control| Iframe works well and allows full user control| Iframe responsive and alllows full user control|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/accordion-test-2.png">
</details>
<br>



4. As a site owner I want people to get to know the PT

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|About Me| Source of information for who the PT is| User scrolls to find information| Works as expected|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/about-test.png">
</details>
<br>



9. As a returning user I want to be able to locate relevant social links

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Footer| social link icons| User will interact with Icons| Works as as intended|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/footer-test.png">
</details>
<br>



8. As a returning user I want to have a clear pathway to getting into contact with a fitness professional
12. As a site owner I want individuals to get in contact

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Contact Form| Enter text fields| User enters form and additdional questions| Works as intended|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/submit-form-test.png">
</details>
<br>

## Bugs

| **Bug** | **Fix** | 
|---------|---------|
|         |         | 
|Paragraph constantly showing error| Through process of elimination, it was determined that lists could not be nested in paragraphs|
|Picture of me layout issues|Float properties and shape outside tool made it difficult to make responsive, flex box utilised instead|
|Performance issues on page 2| Assigned new images that were compressed|
|Page 2 poor anchor issues on Wave| Utilising aria labels fixed this|


## Deployment

Deployment of site was acheived through these steps:
1. I navigated to the settings section on git hub repositories on my repository.
2. I then selected the pages link on the left side.
3. I then selected source for the branch prompt.
4. Roughly, 2 minutes after refreshing I recieved a link to my site: https://maksimb96.github.io/FitnessMadeMinimal/index.html 

## Credits

### Media

1. The following were sourced from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/"> Pexels.com </a>

    1. barbell.jpg
    2. barbell2.jpg
    3. bedrest.jpg
    4. dumbell-rack.jpg
    5. dumbell2.jpg
    6. gymhll.jpg
    7. red-cherry.jpg
    8. resting.jpg
    9. soup.jpg
    10. IFrame youtube video sourced from <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@JeffNippard">Jeff Nippard</a>
    
    font awesome script and icons from font awesome

2. The following are owned by me and my PT company
    1. red-white-logo
    2. pic-of-me
    
### Code 

1. 404 page code provided by Mo Shami_mentor from code institue
2. favicon idea provided by Mo Shami_mentor, site used found <a href="https://favicon.io/"> here</a>
3. Accordion inspiration found on youtube, by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCx4gtYe410"> Easy Tutorials</a>
4. Footer inspiration, zoom animation found from 'love running project' by code institute
5. Text shadow property take from <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_text-shadow.php"> w3schools</a>
6. minimal contact box inspiration found on youtube by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_Z3N3etkS0">Coding Market</a>
7. placeholder text color found on w23schools <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/csSref/sel_placeholder.php#:~:text=The%20%3A%3Aplaceholder%20selector%20selects,value%20of%20an%20input%20field.">link here</a>
8. Form dump link used from code institute execises
9. pointer events removal from <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46949984/removing-pointer-events-none-property-not-working"> Stack overflow </a>


## Acknowledgements

-I would like to thank Victor my mentor
-CI for provide me the knowledge to under-take this task
-My beautiful girlfriend who almost got all my typos
-The wonderful community over on Slack!

Commit message:

Add font, and structure sections to read me

README.md, after:

# Love Body
(Developer: Maksims Buraks)

![Mockup image](docs/am-i-responsive.png)

[live web-page](https://maksimb96.github.io/LoveBody/)

## Table of contents

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    * [User Goals](#user-goals)
    * [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    * [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    * [Design](#design-choices)
    * [Color](#colors)
    * [Fonts](#font)
    * [Structure](#structure)
    * [Wireframe](#wire-frame)
4. [Tech Used](#tech)
    * [Languages](#languages)
    * [Tools](#tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Code Validation & Testing](#validation)
    * [Html](#html-val)
    * [Css](#css-val)
    * [Acessability](#acessability)
    * [Perforamnce](#performnce)
    * [User Story Testing](#user-story-testing)
7. [Bugs](#bugs)
8. [Deployment](#deploy)
9. [Credits](#credits)
10. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals
    -Finding a site that provides a fun way to test users fitness knowledge
    -To test training knowledge
    -To test nutrition knowledge
    -Find a way to leave feedback to improve quiz

### Site Owner Goals
    -Provide a simple and fun way to test visitor knowledge 
    -Provide an area to leave feedback
    -Make sure contact deetails being left are real people

## User Experience

### Target Audience
    -People looking to test fitness Knowledge
    -People looking to test nutrition Knowledge

### User Requirements and Expectations
    -A simple and natural way to navigate the website
    -Quick acessibility to relevant information
    -Appealing design that responds accordingly
    -A simple way to get in contact, and leave feedback
    -Accessibility

### User Stories

#### First-time User
1. As a first time user, I want to test my fitness knowledge
2. As a first time user, I want to test my nutrition knowledge
3. As a first time user, I want information presented in one location
4. As a first time user, I want to leave feedback for further addition of questions

#### Returning User
5. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on fitness
6. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on nutrition
7. As a returning user I want to see additional quesstions added
8. As a returning user I want to be able to locate relevant social links

#### Site Owner
10. As a site owner I want people to locate relevant information to the quiz
11. As a site owner I want people to be able to play as many times 
12. As a site owner I want individuals to get in contact

## Design

### Design Choices
The website was developed in such a way that had a minimal and colourful approach that is not too much to overload the senses. It has all relevaant information on the home page that allows users to jump directly to the relevant points of interest.

### Colour
Color Choices contain a slightly colder shade of greens and neutral greys and white to compliment all elements. A less satturated green was used as many associate the higher saturated colors with 'vegan'. Highlight color of oraange was used as it plays well with the secondary colors.
<br>

![Color Scheme](docs/features/colors.png)


### Fonts
Solway with a serif fall back was used as the main head text as it provides a nice playful and approachable flair to the website
<br>
Roboto with sans-serif fall back was used as it compliments solway and contrasts to its playful style without being out of place. It is also clear and concise.

### Structure
The Structure of the website is a clean and minimal approach as the main focus of the website is the quiz. Therefore the index page allows for ease of access to all relevant info. The nav bar is clean and simple with all elements being clear and intuative.

<br>

The website is made up of 3 pages:

    -The home page that draws a user and links directly to other points of interest. 
    -The fitness quiz page that contains the quiz script.
    -A contact page that allows easy contact, validation.

### Wireframes
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/index.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal-Fintess</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/contact.png">
</details>

## Tech Used

### Languages
    -HTML
    -CSS

### Tools
    -Git
    -Git Hub
    -Git Pod
    -Balsamiq
    -Google Fonts
    -bl.ocks.org
    -Font Awesome
    -Favicon.io
    -miniPaint

## Features
The Website consists of 3 pages with 11 features

### Logo and Nav-Bar
    -featured on all three pages
    -Nav bar is fully responsive and changes to a condensed veiw on mobile devices. Nav bar links to all relevant pages allowing for quick access.
    -Nav bar has selected item in order to give clear feedback to location.
    -Pages 2/3 have a slight difference in appearance but over all same design in order to not disrupt immersion.
    -Nav bar hover turns text red in order to give clear feedback to where you are about to go.
    -User stories adressed: 1.
    
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar1.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar2.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar-select.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/navbar-hover.png)
![Logo & Navbar](docs/features/main-logo-zoom.png)

### Footer
    -footer conistent on all pages with hover effect in order to provide clear feedback on selection
    -User stories adressed: 9, 12.

![Footer and Selection](docs/features/footer-hover.png)
![Footer and Selection](docs/features/footer.png)



### Home page Slogan animation, button hover and footer hover
    -main slogan zooms in on landing page to draw in visitors
    -Button has hover effect to provide selection feedback
    -footer icons have hover effect to provide clear feedback
    -User stories adressed: 9.

![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/slogan-small.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/slogan-big.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/button.png)
![Slogan button & Navbar](docs/features/button-hover.png)

### What is Minimal Fitness segemt
    -Provides information regarding what this website aims to achieve
    -User stories adressed: 3.

![What is Minimal Fitness](docs/features/wimf.png)

### About Me segment
    -Provides information regarding the personal trainer
    -User stories adressed: 11
   

![About Me](docs/features/about-me-feat.png)

### Images of the fitness elements
    -Provides visual representation regarding the 3 elements of fitness

![3 Fitness Elements](docs/features/div-pictures.png)

### Iframe in Accordion
    -Provides supporting material with full user control
     -User stories adressed: 3.

![Iframe](docs/features/iframe.png)

### Accordion with hover selector
    -Provides condensed info that expands on button press
    -User stories adressed: 1, 2,  5, 6, 7, 10.

![Accordion](docs/features/accordion.png)
![Accordion](docs/features/accordion-exp.png)
![Accordion](docs/features/selector-hover.png)

### Contact Form
    -Provides a medium for contact and user interaction
    -User stories adressed: 12,8.

![Contact](docs/features/contact-feat.png)

## Validation

### HTML Validation
W3C mark-up was utilised in order to validate html of the website. All Pages pass with no errors.

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/contact.png">
</details>

<br>

### CSS Validation
W3C CSS validator was utilised in order to make sure the css code passes standards with no errors.

<details><summary>Full Document</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/css-valid.png">
</details>

<br>

### Accessability
Wave WebAIM was utilized in order to make sure the website met high accessability standards. All pages pass with no errors or contrast errors.

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index-wave.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about-wave.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/contact-wave.png">
</details>

<br>

### Performance
Google light house was used in order to confirm good standards of performace

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/index-perf.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Minimal Fitness</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/about-perf.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/validation/sign-up-perf.png">
</details>

<br>

### Tests

#### Devices tested on on:
    -Iphone SE
    -Iphone XR
    -Iphone 12
    -Ipad
    -Macbook Pro

### Testing User Stories

1. As a first time user, I want more information regarding fitness and be drawn in
2. As a first time user, I want more information regarding training fundamentals
5. As a returning user I want to refresh my knowledge on fitness
6. As a returning user I want to get back on track with my calorie intake
7. As a returning user I want to get back on track with my training 
10. As a site owner I want people to locate relevant information to fitness

<br>

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
| Home page, slogan zoom accordion| Button click, accordion expands into additional information| Home page will provide prompt to click, Accordion will provide solid information| Interactivaity of home page prompts click and accordion provides solid information with relevent links|
|3 Fitness elements| Visual Aid to locate fundamentals| Draws users to pictures then to accordion| Better response to read further|
|Accordion Icon Hover| Icon turns red on hover and is distinguishable| Clear visual prompt to press closed accordion| User prompted to press as it is intuative|

<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/slogan-zoom-interact.png">
<img src="docs/user-story-test/accordion-test.png">
<img src="docs/user-story-test/hover-icon-text.png">
</details>
<br>



3. As a first time user, I want information presented in one location

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Iframe| user has access to video aid and full control| Iframe works well and allows full user control| Iframe responsive and alllows full user control|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/accordion-test-2.png">
</details>
<br>



4. As a site owner I want people to get to know the PT

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|About Me| Source of information for who the PT is| User scrolls to find information| Works as expected|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/about-test.png">
</details>
<br>



9. As a returning user I want to be able to locate relevant social links

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Footer| social link icons| User will interact with Icons| Works as as intended|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/footer-test.png">
</details>
<br>



8. As a returning user I want to have a clear pathway to getting into contact with a fitness professional
12. As a site owner I want individuals to get in contact

| **Feature** | **Action** | **Expected Results** | **Final Result** |
|-------------|------------|----------------------|------------------|
|             |            |                      |                  |
|Contact Form| Enter text fields| User enters form and additdional questions| Works as intended|
<details><summary>Screenshot</summary>
<img src="docs/user-story-test/submit-form-test.png">
</details>
<br>

## Bugs

| **Bug** | **Fix** | 
|---------|---------|
|         |         | 
|Paragraph constantly showing error| Through process of elimination, it was determined that lists could not be nested in paragraphs|
|Picture of me layout issues|Float properties and shape outside tool made it difficult to make responsive, flex box utilised instead|
|Performance issues on page 2| Assigned new images that were compressed|
|Page 2 poor anchor issues on Wave| Utilising aria labels fixed this|


## Deployment

Deployment of site was acheived through these steps:
1. I navigated to the settings section on git hub repositories on my repository.
2. I then selected the pages link on the left side.
3. I then selected source for the branch prompt.
4. Roughly, 2 minutes after refreshing I recieved a link to my site: https://maksimb96.github.io/FitnessMadeMinimal/index.html 

## Credits

### Media

1. The following were sourced from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/"> Pexels.com </a>

    1. barbell.jpg
    2. barbell2.jpg
    3. bedrest.jpg
    4. dumbell-rack.jpg
    5. dumbell2.jpg
    6. gymhll.jpg
    7. red-cherry.jpg
    8. resting.jpg
    9. soup.jpg
    10. IFrame youtube video sourced from <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@JeffNippard">Jeff Nippard</a>
    
    font awesome script and icons from font awesome

2. The following are owned by me and my PT company
    1. red-white-logo
    2. pic-of-me
    
### Code 

1. 404 page code provided by Mo Shami_mentor from code institue
2. favicon idea provided by Mo Shami_mentor, site used found <a href="https://favicon.io/"> here</a>
3. Accordion inspiration found on youtube, by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCx4gtYe410"> Easy Tutorials</a>
4. Footer inspiration, zoom animation found from 'love running project' by code institute
5. Text shadow property take from <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_text-shadow.php"> w3schools</a>
6. minimal contact box inspiration found on youtube by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_Z3N3etkS0">Coding Market</a>
7. placeholder text color found on w23schools <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/csSref/sel_placeholder.php#:~:text=The%20%3A%3Aplaceholder%20selector%20selects,value%20of%20an%20input%20field.">link here</a>
8. Form dump link used from code institute execises
9. pointer events removal from <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46949984/removing-pointer-events-none-property-not-working"> Stack overflow </a>


## Acknowledgements

-I would like to thank Victor my mentor
-CI for provide me the knowledge to under-take this task
-My beautiful girlfriend who almost got all my typos
-The wonderful community over on Slack!
